Hey GPT, hope you're doing well. So let us give you the complete context of what I do at my high agency, GenSync Media and Tech. So I'm the second partner, by the way. The primary partner and founder is Manish Sampatrao. I am Mohit Sula. So Manish is the more powerful instrumental guy, and I'm the guy who just joined in. I have experience from a failed startup, from a failed podcast channel doing 20 podcasts. I have built communities. I have done tons of other things as well. So I primarily joined GenSync as a partner to make money and live sustainably because I have to pay my rent. I have to pay my EMIs. So at GenSync currently, my job is to deal with one client whose name is ConnectMe, who's from Dubai. They do IoT, end-to-end IoT for buildings, for enterprises. They're a B2B client, and my job is to take care of their website, do SEO for their website. I'm learning SEO as well, not figured it out, doing generative engine optimization. I have to learn that as well. Zero idea. But my primary job is to update their website, new design, new pictures, new product data, etc., etc., etc. And apart from me, there's one more person in our agency whose name is Amulya, who's a designer, a very good designer, who handles brochure work. Now, for our client, website is just a reputation PR work. Most of their sales happens through Amulya. I mean, most of the sales happens through the brochures which Amulya designs, and that is what they're more dependent on. And right now, Manish is working to make AI films for each of their IoT products so they can basically to make this, to make sure there are no friction in the sales and close the sales faster. And even with a guy without any sales experience, just showing that one-minute video of how each of their IoT product works end-to-end, what problems it solves, it saves electricity, it saves water, or it's a regulation, or it's an enterprise thing, blah, blah, blah, blah. So many things over here.So yeah, this specific client pays us 75,000 INR every month. We don't know if this client is going to last, but so far, as you see, they have a few employees who do zero work practically and they're paying them 3 lakhs every month. So I think we should be fine because they have a very good relation with the CEO as well. And yeah, they would need more website tweaks. Most of it is done, by the way, and only get paid 15,000 for this. So I do not know if it's a good idea or not. Basically a good thing or not. I feel very compromised in a low position or earning very less based on my lifestyle. Amulya earns 30,000 and rest of the money Manish keeps. Manish mostly has no work. Sometimes they just use AI to create video and content for their LinkedIn that they can post on their LinkedIn to grow, grow their brand and it's just long-term positioning and all. So this is stuff about the first client Connect Me. So we had a couple of other clients previously who were not that worth mentioning. So far, Ginseng's capabilities are to do launch videos, to do product commercials, to build websites end-to-end. And I'm talking back-end, I'm talking automations, I'm talking CTA buttons, psychologically well-designed stuff to link with Google Sheets, have booking pages, have a payment system, have a WhatsApp plugin where messages go in. And we have done product commercials, we have done AI films, AI product videos. We have done faceless videos for our content as well, faceless D2C content growing for our client as well. We edit videos, we build stuff and everything. And we maintain really good relations with the client. We understand what their USP is, what they do, their market.So far, me, Manish, and Amulia are the core team. Manish does media, creates motion graphics, high-end motion graphics, is really good with understanding how to use, you know, editing tools, video editing and motion graphics, that stuff. Amulia is good with design. Amulia is good with brochures, Canva, PPTs, and all. And my Mohit. Mohit is amazing at using white-coding tools like Antigravity by Google, OpenCore.ai, ClaudeCoWork, etc. Mohit has built end-to-end SaaS platforms. Mohit has built e-commerce sites end-to-end with payment configurations. He has built a WhatsApp bot that you can talk to you like a 24-7 AI assistant. This was based on OpenClock or Claude bot. So basically, anything related to tech that has a database, whether it's a chatbot, whether it's a design, whether it's a lot of buttons and a lot of products, anything, you give Mohit a Figma design or just a two-liner of what the business is, Mohit will build you a very professional site. So Mohit is good at figuring out technical stuff. Mohit has built like two tools. One is API Key Health, which is a vault to keep and store all your APIs. On top of that, what that vault does, it checks every, it has cron jobs that checks how much usage each API key has done, letting you know if you're spending money on a key that you're not using or you're overspending on a key someone is using that key without your knowledge, whether it's your teammate or someone you have authorized to track organizational usage and track if a key is degraded and stuff like that. And second, Mohit is working on a platform named Tender OS, which is an end-to-end one-stop platform for folks who want to look for tenders in a country like India without having to go to 100 platforms of PSU, government, save every PDF and they just search for keywords and they get the tender. They get notifications, they get a list of tenders that come out every day, something like that. So yeah, Mohit is good. Mohit is patient, disciplined, ready for a lot of grunt work, repetitive work, and he delivers without fail. He maintains, he makes sure there's a liability and durability to his work.Also, we have Manikanta in the agency, who is an entry-level editor, who does not know, who does not understand market research, market value, does not know how to speak, he does not understand communication, and he is poor, he is used to poor salary and poor quality of work, more than often. However, he has talent to be a really good editor. He has done content for, he has grown, he has growed two creators to 30k followers, more than 100k views on Instagram, and more than combined views of 2 million views per month to them while he was working for them. So he has talent, he has potential, but you can't rely on him. You can only trust him with the low-level or low-paid gigs. Anyways, coming to client number two. So we just onboarded a client from San Francisco via referral, and this client is geodoo.ai. They are an end-to-end GTM, AI-based GTM platform called AI-based go-to-market platform, who offer a very simple, amazing design interface where whatever, what you might do, whether you're an agency or you're a B2B company looking for partnerships or a D2C brand looking for collabs, anything in terms of partnerships, connections, closing deals, getting referrals, or something, not referrals, yeah, something like that. They have a platform where you can connect your LinkedIn, your email, your phone number for SMSs, Twitter, etc. And you tell what you, who you want to reach out with, or you just give your website if that's not what you do. And it tries to do client acquisition or client outreach or B2B partnerships all by itself. You set a campaign, it's like an agent working you 24-7. They're based on OpenCloud, by the way. So this is our second client who is paying us $2,000 a month to do eight high-quality Instagram, Twitter, all social media videos for him that is like motion graphics, psychologically well-designed to get more customers, more users, and yep, other things as well. So Gensink does not have a lot of use cases. We are a $3,000 a month agency with a team of five people with a lot of cloud credits. I have more than $30,000 of cloud credits. We have a lot of laptops lying around and models to run. We have high-speed internet. We have a lot of time as well. And we are looking to transition into a $20,000 MRR in the next two months. We have really good speaking skills. We have a good team who's willing to work. We can do all sorts of tech. My major roadblock is finding clients. Finding clients who I can talk to to be specific. I tried email outreach. I have tried cold outreach. I have tried to ask for referrals, but I find it hard to get on meetings and talk to people, essentially. Talk to them and understand them and then close meetings. I'm very against Indian basic clients because they try to squeeze us and not give long-term value. I'm looking for mostly abroad kind of clients who can give me good money, but I don't know how to close them because there's this nationality gap because I'm an Indian. There is racism. And we have a good amount of portfolio, but it's not something very mind-blowing. It's not like we have delivered for BYD or Tesla or SpaceX. We have worked with decent companies. More about my personality. I try to waste a lot of time on using... It's just kind of like a bad habit or bad addiction, I would call it. I spend too much time on antigravity, open code, or whitecoding tools, trying to build random websites, trying to build random AI tools. Like I built API Key Health and I do not have more than one or two users for this, and I'm not making any money off it as well. I have plans to build protocols, do random design tools, like build a CRM, I don't know, build an ERP. I don't know, build like a generative UI-based website for someone who's probably not going to pay me. I don't know, build random tools for hackathons, build a CRM. I have like very random ideas. And I try to spend my time on things that will not pay me and is consuming my screen time. However, I have a very good work ethic. I can spend 10 plus, like on an average, 12, 13 hours a day on screens and I'll still not get tired of, or I still have eye fatigue or something. It's just a thing of me. I'm just giving you more character traits. So I need to be really focused and channeled on what I'm working on, why I'm working on, have really high confidence. I'm okay with very high intensity, whether it's recording videos, reading, research, building, talking, iterating, whatever it is, I can do that. But I need to see a really, really, really, really measurable outcome in terms of long-term partnerships or in specifically money hitting my bank in 15 days. Like I can go hackathons and hackathons. I can hire people. I can get like two, three people, teach them, understand, make them believe in me, but I need to have a very high confidence plan and strategy. I have a decent website that has a decent design, but I'm sure it does not have an authoritative tone, does not have SEO or generative engine optimization or any of those things. I've currently, my plan is to build an end-to-end website for my failed startup to make it work again, work on the backend, which is again very complicated. The name of the startup is WN3, by the way. I don't believe my partner is going to do it. My partner is just for infinite amount of time, he's been doing foundational AI research and not working on the company despite he has nothing else to do. Literally nothing else to do. All he's doing is research, research, research without pointful tasks. I'm planning on recording, making HVAC websites and doing Loom videos and selling them on mass to clients in New Zealand, Australia. In countries, agencies have probably not targeted with and trying to see if it makes money. I'm thinking of doing a bit of hyper, not hyper, but yeah, personalized Loom videos to B2B companies throughout the world, like IoT companies, just like we did for TOSI. Like whatever has worked with my current IoT client ConnectMe, I am trying to sell what I'm thinking that other IoT companies might need. But however, I have zero clarity and again I'm not, I'm completely half hedged or half invested into everything. I'm not doing anything fully. I'm jumping between tasks and things here and there because I have no clarity, I have no plan, I have no strategy and confidence. I am making only 15,000 whereas my partner is making 12 lakhs plus. And I feel the constant adrenaline rush and the need to make at the least one lakh, at the least one lakh within the next 10 days. In 10 days, I have to do magic. I don't know what I have to do, what I have to focus on. In 10 days, I need to be able to figure out on how I make one lakh committed as my salary and be in a position to do everything meaningfully and grow, hire more people, have a PA and do micromanagement tasks, teach and give away energy training, non-pointful things to interns who would do it gladly for 10,000, 20,000 from my salary, something like that. Be a God. Think in my position and tell me what you would do. Tell me what you need to know, what are the resources you need. Do you need the best transcripts, best conversations of the best entrepreneurs, what they are doing, what they would replicate, how they would do it, where they would not get into, what they would not do at all. Do not give me a script or a plan to amaze me or make me feel good. Give me a hard reality check. Tell me what I should quit really, what I should be doing, what I should manage, what I should hire people for. Should I get interns? Should I waste my time on that hiring talent? Be real. Think. Think if you were going to die in 10 days. Think if you are going to die, you will be wiped from history if you cannot make one lakh a month. What is it you would do in the next 10 days to be alive, to make sure you do not die? What is it you would do?